chore: change wording and move periods outside of links (#1703)
clerk/clerk-docs: docs/deployments/migrate-overview.mdx

## Basic export / import

> With basic export / import, you're taking an export from your previous tool and importing data into Clerk. The most common way to handle this is by making use of the [`CreateUser`](/docs/reference/backend-api/tag/Users#operation/CreateUser){{ target: '_blank' }} Backend API endpoint. It's important to note that the `CreateUser` endpoint is rate limited. For more information, review the [Rate Limits](/docs/backend-requests/resources/rate-limits#backend-api-requests) page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With basic export / import, you're taking an export from your previous tool and importing data into Clerk. The most common way to handle this is by making use of the [`CreateUser`](/docs/reference/backend-api/tag/Users#operation/CreateUser){{ target: '_blank' }} Backend API endpoint. It's important to note that the `CreateUser` endpoint is rate limited. For more information, see the [guide on rate limits](/docs/backend-requests/resources/rate-limits#backend-api-requests).
```

## Migration guides

> Clerk is hard at work writing up more and more specific migration guides and tools. If you're interested in specific guides, contact us at [https://feedback.clerk.com](https://feedback.clerk.com)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Clerk is hard at work writing up more specific migration guides and tools. If you're interested in specific guides, contact us at [https://feedback.clerk.com](https://feedback.clerk.com)
```
